docs: mention import preset in README (#41)
lytovka/eslint-config-lytovka: README.md

- `@lytovka/eslint-config/react`: preset for React projects.
- `@lytovka/eslint-config/jsx-a11y`: preset for accessibility issues in React apps.

> - `@lytovka/eslint-config/import`: preset for import rules for JS and TS projects.

Author: ```suggestion
- `@lytovka/eslint-config/import`: preset for import rules (both JavaScript and TypeScript projects).
```
